c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\BurgerDamage.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\BurgerDeath.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\BurgerShot.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Explosion.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\TeddyBounce.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\TeddyShot.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial20.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\burger.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\explosion.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\frenchfries.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\teddybear.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\teddybearprojectile.xnb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\GameProject.exe
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\GameProject.pdb
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.exe
c:\users\jeff\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameProject\GameProject\obj\x86\Debug\GameProject.pdb
